fix(sbb-alert): use paragraph for content slot for semantic reasons (#1785)
lyne-design-system/lyne-components: src/components/sbb-teaser/readme.md

It's important to set the accessibilityLabel which describes the teaser for screenreader users.
The title level can be set by the consumer.

## Accessibility

The description text is wrapped into an `<p>` element to guarantee the semantic meaning.

> Depending on which elements are going to be slotted, it can violate semantic rules (e.g. slotting in a `<div>` element).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid slotting block elements (e.g. `<div>`) as this violates semantic rules and can have negative effects on screen readers.
```
